So now did we got a header.
We can continue and continue with the part where users can enter a number which the computer should
guess thereafter and for this year in the app chips fall below the header.
I of course want to have the the input area off the user now and justice before all handled this in
a separate component and not here an app just to keep all components relatively lean and we could create
this component here in the components folder that would not be wrong but since I now will work on a
component that essentially is responsible for everything we see on the screen besides the header I treat
this component that's kind of a special component I'll name it a screen and I'll store it in a screens
folder because the finished game will essentially have three different screens one for configuring and
starting the game one when the game is running and one when the game is over and I want to have these
special components which technically are totally normal components but which fulfill a special purpose
I want to have them stored in a separate folder and that's just my personal design decision here you
don't need to store them they're technically there is no reason to do it or not to do it React Native
simply doesn't care.
So here are all stored in there and I'll name this start game screen daughter J.S. to also make it really
clear in the name that this is a special component to me but as I said technically it's a normal component
and therefore we import react from react and we'll all the import some things from React Native of course
and we can already tell that we'll certainly need a view because while you probably can't build any
component well you can but not that many components which you can build without views.
So we'll import the view here and we'll definitely also need a style sheet for it some styling and we'll
see what else we need we'll certainly also need a text I guess so we can already add that now with this
all create a new constant here start game screen which is a functional component looking like this where
we'll have a styles object with style sheet create like this and we're at an export start game screen
like that and you could save this as kind of a template for any new component you add because 90 percent
of custom components you build and React Native look like this basically you import react you import
some stuff from React Native you define your component the name difference of course you have your styles
object and you export it.
That's pretty much always the same so you could kind of safe this as a template if you wanted to I don't
want you here though so I'll just continue with working on the component itself and the question now
is what do we render in this start game screen how is should it look like in the end in there I'll have
a wrapping view surrounding my entire screen because I think that kind of makes sense allows us to set
up some general styling I'll again add a screen property here to the stolid object which I can do it
will not clash with the one an app J.S. we could have also chosen different names.
These two are simply not related because these are independent JavaScript objects in the end managed
an independent files so we can repeat names here or choose different names I'll go for a similar name
here name this screen and set up some general styling for this surrounding view here the general styling
is that I said this to flex one so that it takes all the space it can get which means that since I will
added below the header it will take all the space below the header both vertically and horizontally
and besides this I also want to add some some padding here of ten so that the content doesn't sits directly
on the edges of this screen but there is some spacing to the left right top and bottom and I'll add
a line items center.
Keep in mind that every view by default uses flex blocks and by default uses flex direction column a
line items it positions items along the cross axis.
So since the default direction is column The Cross axis is left to right.
So it's a horizontal axis.
So this will align items in the center horizontally but not vertically.
There we use the default of justified content flex start but since I used the default I don't need to
set it so we'll just leave it as it is here and now assign this style here to this view and auto formatting
closed my tag here which of course they want to do.
Let me reverse this.
And now we have that view for our game screen now to see where it works.
I'll just output some text here.
The game screen just some dummy placeholder reform a dead and now an app just lets you start screen
by importing game start games screen from the screens folder and there starts.
Game screen and then simply added.
Here like this if we save this we see the game screen here and also on Android.
So this works.
We're using this second separate component which will now use as a full screen component basically or
almost full screen.
The part below the header in the end.